so earlier me and my wife went shopping
in Asda and while I were there I
remember the tweet that I seen from Asda
about this new scorching hot chicken
vindaloo they were looking for people to
taste this and putting their video or
reactions when they tasted it cuz I mean
look at the amount of chilli so it's got
on this thing there's five the most
thing that I've ever seen coming out of
a slurries like a three and I like my
heart of stuff so I thought right
2-pound let's give it a try
so yeah so like said we've really nice
is really wrong and I remembered a tweak
that I've seen about this new Indian
takeaway style range scorching hot
chicken vindaloo and I got one and I
tweeted a stir and I got a reply and
this will be it here and it's a sizzling
hot take on the classic favorite tender
pieces of marinated chicken breast in a
fiery tomato sauce with silver skin
onions can you handle the heat well I
reckon I come so I'm kind of a bit
scared cuz me wife just said I'm
sleeping on the couch tonight cuz she
had a little dip I'll be honest I'm
trying to hear let's see
that's nice it's hot it's bindle ooh hot
this is the sort of thing that you get
out of the quarry shop mmm tasted by
night yeah that's hot
the little silver skin onions that are
in it don't really cool it down
the crying of it
my cheese going red or is it just me I
feel sweat
yeah I can't feel my face hmm that was
very nice I can already feel my ass
munching the sea so yeah try it out as
does scorching hot chicken vindaloo
they're not kidding it's hot